Are you
Have you seen opium?
Such a man
This is indeed a man
But I really can't be with anyone else
Girl has sex
This
That's several.
I'm not a casual person.
As expected of the man I like
Really different
I'll make you a bet.
What are you betting that you can't solve the case?
If you win
And I will let you go.
If you lose
You obediently followed me
OK
A lot of glutinous rice was lost in the kitchen in the last week.
Brothers under
I can't find out who stole it
If you can solve this case, I will do what I say
This case.
It's really small and boundless.
That's all.
As for the investigation?
We are the people who walk the rivers and lakes
Relying on a word meaning
Glutinous rice is rare
But I will never allow this kind of cock crowing under my hands
Dog backwards
Ah!
Aren't you a thief?
Isn't this a den of thieves?
Ah what uh uh uh